Practice Problem
1. JSON Object Basics
Create a JSON object representing a person with properties: name, age, and hobbies. Write a
function to log all the hobbies.

2. Display JSON in HTML
Given the following JSON:
const person = { name: "John", age: 30, city: "New York" };
Write a script to display name, age, and city in an HTML <p> element.

3. Button Click Counter
Create a button that, when clicked, shows the number of times it has been clicked.

4. Change Background Color
Create a dropdown menu with color options (e.g., red, blue, green). When a user selects a color,
change the background color of the page.

5. Add Items to a List
Create an input box and a button. When a user enters a text and clicks the button, add the text as a
new <li> in a list.

6. Toggle Visibility
Create a paragraph and a button. When the button is clicked, toggle the visibility of the paragraph.

7. Display Object in Table
Given this JSON:
const products = [
{ name: "Laptop", price: 1000 },
{ name: "Phone", price: 500 },

];
Write a script to display the products in an HTML table.

8. Highlight Even Rows
Create a table with 10 rows. Use JavaScript to highlight the even-numbered rows with a different
background color.

9. Form Validation
Create a form with inputs for name and email. Validate that both fields are not empty when the form
is submitted, and display an error message if validation fails.

10. Loop Through JSON
Given the JSON array:
const animals = ["Dog", "Cat", "Rabbit"];
Use a loop to display each animal as a list item in an unordered list (<ul>).

11. Word Count
Create a text area and a button. When the button is clicked, display the number of words entered in
the text area.

12. Random Number Generator
Create a button that, when clicked, generates and displays a random number between 1 and 100.

13. Toggle Dark Mode
Create a button that toggles the page between light mode and dark mode.

14. Sum of Numbers
Create an input box and a button. The user can enter numbers separated by commas (e.g., "1,2,3").
When the button is clicked, calculate and display the sum of the numbers.

15. Countdown Timer
Create an input box for users to enter a number (in seconds) and a button to start the countdown.
Display the timer counting down every second until it reaches zero.

16. Build a Dynamic To-Do List
Create a simple web page that allows users to manage a to-do list. Use JavaScript to update the list
dynamically based on user interactions.

Use external sources for help after at least trying yourself.